Hello dear friends, swami
negativity of the five and today we will
observe my 4 hryvnia candy here at
that looks like
a little balan & design that is that is
and so on it wind costs a lot
functions
Firstly this button using which
This candy is activated but now
she is not active and we have not lost anything
this is a lever to choose which
candy we need blue and time and ems
red balls now and can not it
move it here under the arm place is
here is the hole from which the coin falls
which does not suit us and it is normal
coin acceptor accepting money also
there is a little bank in the back
how can he stand derrie how fastened
so first demonstrate how
This candy works with coins
which do not fit
if we take the usual five-kopeck
Kazakhstan coin it will not work
even if she stuck in if we press
let us nothing falls to us to fall
I can only push the mechanism myself
what a cog and in the end it falls
the mechanism is very heavy and ordinary 5
Kazakhstan tenge
if we take or 1 ruble by
Russian currency or 10 tenge show
semolina currency
she's a candy is activated let's start with
one ruble we throw it now
we can move our stranger choices
First of all I want sweets - I put
here
can't choose released one or two
index as lucky we take another
ruble
I suppose I want to put the ball here
the ball hits now I can't again
choose sweets they don't want to serve
take yet ruble
these are what the 2 index may say
Well, how lucky we take another robot
hole let's say ball dropped ball
Balls will always be performed
candies
the thread we pressed back this function
dice is activated
This is my new candy.
what are you right coins what are we paying
appeal to our bank and here
are all our money by the way why
here here here comes from behind me is that
cannonad I press a button here and there
here it comes out much easier to press
back because the front is a little bit
uncomfortable closing the bank
to reload this candy we
open here here here
two holes for balls or modem with
we throw you our index on the cap
shutting down
so let's show it again
reject or in English it sounds like
not in the wrong coin
take in the usual 5 tenge Kazakhstan
insert and attack well, that's it
so i have 4 candy the best
what i was inventing hope that you
liked it all thanks for watching
put your thumbs up subscribe to
my channel all good luck all bye
fuel Dima 1 3 fives